[bitnami/*] Replace Kubeapps URL in READMEs (and kubeapps Chart.yaml) and remove BKPR references (#10600)
bitnami/charts: bitnami/consul/README.md

- Helm generates/manages certificate secrets
- User generates/manages certificates separately

> - An additional tool (like kube-lego) manages the secrets for the application

Reviewer: Perhaps update this? 

```suggestion
- An additional tool (like cert-manager) manages the secrets for the application
```
